Add exapmles to clarify errata advanced copy cases (#1334)
pulp/pulp_rpm: docs/user-guide/features.rst

In case of a recursive copy in addition to the copy of Erratum itself, referenced RPMs
and Modules are copied as well similar to the rules and examples explained in previous sections.

Non-modular Errata and related RPMs, simple case
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
| A non-modular Erratum lists RPMs which are suggested to be updated.
| Simple case (no RPM dependencies).

::

   erratum-FOO: [foo-1.0.rpm]

   repo A
     |
     |----erratum-FOO
     |----foo-1.0.rpm

   repo B
     |
     |----foo-0.7.rpm

| Use case #1 (not recommended): copy erratum itself
| Flag to use: None

::

    Result of copying erratum-FOO from repo A to repo B:

    repo B
     |
     |----erratum-FOO
     |----foo-0.7.rpm

    Erratum is copied, while its related RPM is not!
    RPMs which are suggested for update are not in repo B!
    Copy this way when you know what you are doing and why.

| Use case #2: copy erratum and its related RPMs
| Flag to use: ``recursive`` or ``recursive_conservative``

::

    Result of copying erratum-FOO from repo A to repo B:

    repo B
     |
     |----erratum-FOO
     |----foo-1.0.rpm
     |----foo-0.7.rpm
     |----bar-0.7.rpm

>     Even though older version of foo is in the repo B,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Older version ``foo-0.7.rpm`` remains in the repo B. 
    Using either ``recursive`` or ``recursive_conservative`` flag
    ``foo-1.0`.rpm`` is copied to repo B as well since 
    ``erratum-FOO`` refers to it.
```
Since this was a point of contention, suggest being very explicit. 
Did not check line spacing.

    with any recursive flag foo-1.0 is copied anyway
    because erratum-FOO refers to it.

Non-modular Errata and related RPMs, complicated case
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

| A non-modular Erratum lists RPMs which are suggested to be updated.
| Complicated case (RPM dependencies).

::

   dependencies: foo.rpm -> bar.rpm -> baz.rpm
   erratum-FOO: [foo-1.0.rpm]

   repo A
     |
     |----erratum-FOO
     |----foo-1.0.rpm
     |----bar-1.0.rpm
     |----baz-1.0.rpm

   repo B
     |
     |----foo-0.7.rpm
     |----bar-0.7.rpm

| Use case #1: copy erratum and related RPMs and RPMs' *latest* dependencies
| Flag to use: ``recursive``

::

    Result of copying erratum-FOO from repo A to repo B:

    repo B
     |
     |----erratum-FOO
     |----foo-1.0.rpm
     |----bar-1.0.rpm
     |----baz-1.0.rpm
     |----foo-0.7.rpm
     |----bar-0.7.rpm

| Use case #2: copy erratum and related RPMs and RPMs' *missing* dependencies
| Flag to use: ``recursive_conservative``

::

    Result of copying module-FOO from repo A to repo B:

    repo B
     |
     |----erratum-FOO

>      |----foo-1.0.rpm

Reviewer: ``foo-1.0.rpm`` RPM being copied maybe should quickly re-iterated again in a sentence below this stellar example.

While ``erratum-FOO`` should be copied, it may be assumed that since ``foo-0.7.rpm`` already exists on repo B and would not be copied. 

It may be helpful to re-iterate that ``erratum-Foo`` and ``foo-1.0.rpm`` will always be copied as they are the source of the update. If the update contained RPM updates AND one of their dependencies, BOTH RPMS and the errata would be copied ( ``erratum-FOO: [foo-1.0.rpm, bar-1.0.rpm]``).

That example isn't explicitly required, it would be nice to explicity explain why ``foo-1.0.rpm`` will always get copied.

| A non-modular Erratum lists RPMs which are suggested to be updated.
| Complicated case (RPM dependencies).

::

   dependencies: foo.rpm -> bar.rpm -> bax.rpm-> baz.rpm
   erratum-FOO: [foo-1.0.rpm, bar-1.0.rpm]

   repo A
     |
     |----erratum-FOO
     |----foo-1.0.rpm
     |----bar-1.0.rpm
     |----bax-1.0.rpm
     |----baz-1.0.rpm

   repo B
     |
     |----foo-0.7.rpm
     |----bar-0.7.rpm
     |----bax-0.7.rpm

| Use case #1: copy erratum and related RPMs and RPMs' *latest* dependencies
| Flag to use: ``recursive``

::

    Result of copying erratum-FOO from repo A to repo B:

    repo B
     |
     |----erratum-FOO
     |----foo-1.0.rpm
     |----bar-1.0.rpm
     |----bax-1.0.rpm
     |----baz-1.0.rpm
     |----foo-0.7.rpm
     |----bar-0.7.rpm
     |----bax-0.7.rpm

| Use case #2: copy erratum and related RPMs and RPMs' *missing* dependencies
| Flag to use: ``recursive_conservative``

::

    Result of copying erratum-FOO from repo A to repo B:

    repo B
     |
     |----erratum-FOO
     |----foo-1.0.rpm
     |----bar-1.0.rpm
     |----baz-1.0.rpm
     |----foo-0.7.rpm
     |----bar-0.7.rpm
     |----bax-0.7.rpm

>     RPMs which are referred in an erratum are always copied.

Reviewer: 👍
